SUMMARY 19-10-2021:



    Today, I have learnt about free things and also about the html and its tags and why these tags are used in creating and designing new things. And also about that little bit that I didn’t know before. With HTML we can create new Websites. To create the structure of a Web page. Also these elements tell the browser how to display the content. It was hard for me when I started to code by using the tags of it, and I have learnt a little bit of it till now and also created the page by structure and design. I know that this is also the worst design but as a learner it really matters for me at this time and also exciting me to learn new things and how to create the design clearly.

    Mentor gave me a design example to create the homepage for the project which will create the API by giving a required input. And also showed me how it works and that project was created by my mentor, and asked me to create the homepage for that which will help for the users by their required inputs. And I started to create that design by using HTML and CSS. At first I structured it how it should look. And then created the style tag and gave some commands by creating the div in it and designed it. And also created the common element tag in style and made a style that I need. 

    And also learnt a few tags which are useful in styling and structuring that page, and Then created the checkboxes in it as per my mentor’s design, and tried to align it horizontally. At that time abraham anna called every interns to attend the session, after few days anna started the session for us today, and today  he taught us about how to categories the data  in problems and in everything we have to find the solution,

    
    So I learnt that Data can be categorized into three types as useless data, Data that is part of an algorithm and Data that provides context to form an algorithm. And anna said that if the Data is useless then it will never gonna helps us to solve the problem, so have to concentrate on the another Data which is part of algorithm and provides context to form an algorithm, And also taught us that Data should contains anything of below Strings, Numbers and Boolean

    String: Any alphanumeric
    Number: [o to 9 . ,]
    Boolean: True or False.

So we have to find out what it should be.


And also taught us about Abstraction. Abstraction is getting the required data from an onething, and also it has the data structure. And anna asked us to abstract the working of a lift, And divided us into two groups and sent us to abstract it, and we tried to find out how it worked. Lift is just responding to the input which was given to it at first and works accordingly. And listed out the data that has as How many people can be inside of it and how many switches required as equal to the floors, and fan or air conditioner something like that.


    After that i was continued the design of that homepage which i was left before the session, and at evening I  read the book which i was started another day.

