SUMMARY 05-10-2021



For today I have learnt some new things, And this morning again I have gone through with web applications and TCP/IP how it works and functions, And then I  have tried to learn HTML and how it works, and tried to do some programming by using the html. And also made a programm, also know n about some codes which are used in html to create the programm. And then I have learnt about the Algorithm used to create the program.

    Algorithm is used to make sure the computer will do the given task.  Also used to solve the problems by analysing it step by step. It used to improve the efficiency of a computer program which means to find the possible way to solve problems. Proper utilization of resources to access the proper resource to search data in memory at least. And it used to pre-analyze the program to get the solution before the problem happened. 

    And also tried to create the algorithm for a program Add 2 numbers. And before that I learnt the basics and logicals of the algorithm and i have created the algorithm for the Program Add 2 numbers,

Algorithm: 
1. Choose any two numbers
2. Check whether its -number or +number
3. Add that numbers
4. Check if there is need of calculator to add number
5. If you have calculator add these numbers, or else
6. Go to shop to buy a calculator
7. Check wallet it has a cash,
8. If not take a cash and go to shop
9. Ask the shopkeeper for a calculator and buy it
10.Come back to home 
11.Go to Step 3 
12. If the -number is larger than + number then answer will be in -number
13. If the - number is less than +number then answer will be in +number.
14. Find the answer.


And then had as session with Abraham, in session he gave us a puzzles to solve it, and we have solved one puzzle and took some time to find the answer for the another puzzle, which is has lot of combination, at end almost found the answer, That puzzle has a 7 bridges and also have to walk around the each bridge only once, and one of the bridge has the more constraints, and then abraham asked us to join in another session, at that session he gave us the answer what we have expected, that was an unsolvable puzzle, and also taught us about the eulerian path. The Elurian path is nothing but vertex have to be even then only can solve that. 

    And also said the puzzle we have solved before has a vertex in the odd, so he asked us to know how we solved that problem while the eulerian path was defined differently. So we are checking into that how we have solved that puzzle, at same time he gave us another puzzle to solve that which is hamiltonian path, where the 10 pentagons have combined, and he said the dots have to be connected without come across with the same dot and on same line, it hitted our mind blindly and took some time to solve  it but he said this is an easy puzzle to solve it and suggested to get assist with anyone at office, 

    And also I have asked the question more than 2 times after that also I can’t solve the puzzle, after that Anoop gave us a hint to understand the question clearly, he only asked us to join the dots to solve that, just a simple thing but we have took it into our mind and thinked very critically to solve that, in that case i have learnt that we should need to understand what is the question and problem clearly. And its very interesting to make our mind think.

