SUMMARY 20-10-2021:


    
    Today, I went to office and thinking of that pending design, After I went to office finished my breakfast, and then started to study about the HTML and its tags how that works and CSS styles and also checked with that by programming it in terminal, after that my mentor came and seen my design and very disappointed with that(I got it by looking at his face) and instructed me to how the design should be and how to search the suitable tags, and also explained me the design how i need to work on it, so i started to  working on it,

    And also torchured George and Shankar for my doubts. They helped me a lot by clarifying the doubts at a time and also helped me at some time to find the searches. So I did  something new in that design by using the link for background designs and found that I have to add the link in url(‘image.jpg’); as a command line. And also for the font style i used the  link to it and added the online link in head and after that made a style command in the style tag.  And i have learnt it by searching in google,

    After that i showed the design to  my mentor, after seen that also my mentor said some correction for me to do and asked to design the text fields and also asked to change the alignments of that, so i came and sit on couch and then did a search regarding about this in google again and then found some designing tags and used it in the program style tag. And it worked in it well, and then for alignments searched about the suitable tags for it and then used some commands and margin and padding to align it as per the design given by my mentor.

    
    Again showed that to my mentor at that time abraham anna also saw that, And i looked at him with a doubt look, but he said it's nice i was cleared my doubt that was really good or not by asked him “romba mattama irukka”, but he warned me with the stick and moved. It was the first time I heard that word for my work. And then came back and did some corrections for that by learning on my own, and at first it was a little hard for me after some time I learnt to do that. And arranged it in the proper design and also did some font size corrections and alignments for this and also for the textfields.

    And also my mentor asked me to create the alert message tag once I click on the submit button. So I’m  still trying to working on it.

