SUMMARY 15-10-2021


This morning I went to office and today was the end of third week of my internship, And have continued to read the book what I started to read yesterday, and it took me into that and very interesting to read the book “The Lovers” and its from abraham anna’s collection placed in office library. And this is my first time reading a book  in my lifetime till now,

And then My mentor asked me to go through the Functions, Constant, Let and Loops which was taught to me the other day. So I’ve studied about that a little bit and learned about these commands and why we use them while programming. And also saw a few programs which were used to write these commands. And also understood a little bit of the concepts of how it works. Apart from my mentor asked me to learn about the cryptogram

A cryptogram is a kind of word puzzle, like a crossword puzzle. Instead of definitions, though, a cryptogram gives you the actual words of a quotation, but with each letter replaced with a different letter. And also he asked me to find the way to convert  it into the image format, and I’ve tried to find the way to convert it, But It was little complicated to be in programming, so my mentor gave me an other work that i need to create the design by using HTML, the design was given by him. And this is the first day I started the coding, and before that I’ve learnt about some HTML tags why these codes are using and its meaning,

And then I tried to make that design in HTML and it was a little hard for me because it was my first time. And it took a few minutes to find the appropriate code which I need to use to create the boxes, Text field, Textarea and buttons, And then I’ve created the very worst design in the world, and also tried to split the paragraph into two elements to align in the correct design. At that time Demo meeting was started, And also everyone showed and explained their work and how they doing, Today was the first day I’ve seen abraham anna at the meeting, In meeting anna explained us how  the mind to be while we are doing creatively something, and also said in that time mind should be in diffused state as stress free and also be bored then only we can think and create these things, it was very different to me to learn but it seems the better idea to do.

And we interns also  showed and explained what we learnt this week, When my turn came, I asked my mentor that I need to show the design compulsory, and he said just show your work it's not that much bad so asked me to show that confidently, So I did  that in front of everyone and surrendered myself as did the worst design, But my mentor supported me at that time by explained everyone that it was my time, He always supporting me at my hard times while  tried to learn new things, and also make a way as my  wish, And i think this gonna be  one of  the best in my Demo meeting  in upcoming days. The day went very well.


