SUMMARY-08-10-2021



For  today, I have learnt about how the system compares the data or numbers and arranging in correct order, system always compares the numbers are data by the positioning of others, once the position has known by the system it will swap the number from incorrect place to the correct one, and this is the sorting process, and its used to sort the data or number in valid position.
    

    And then today I also learned about algorithms and pseudocode, its importance and how it works while doing the program. Algorithm is  a set of instructions used to program and also avoid unwanted interruption. It is like a blueprint to program easily and instruction before coding takes place. And then also it's very important while doing the program, also we are following algorithms in real life incidents without knowing ourselves. And pseudocode, It is used to represent the algorithm in easiest and simple phrases, and also it is like a simple code as easily understanding one also, then the required thing to follow before the coding, and also the major thing in programming. It used to avoid mistakes before it happened. Algorithms and pseudocode are different by a long instruction into the simple phrases, it also can be translated in any other languages too. 


    After that, My mentor asked for help to get a country’s currency codes and number and the file to be in .json. And i have found that in website ISO 4217 and also found these in wikipedia, and then have tried to copy and paste in terminal as a json, but unable to that, and I have tried lot of ways by searched in internet how to do that but i can’t. So I’ve typed it manually one by one in the json file, these are the codes used in the program to mention the currency of which country and along with the number. These are used while transferring the money from one to another to mention the currency from which country to which one.


    After that, There was a Demo meeting conducted, every team showed their work and what they did for a week. One by one showed a demo of their work and also explained how they did and in which way they are making it work and also explained the codes they were used and what the code represents, and then we interns explained what we learnt this week and how the week went. I have explained that I learnt about the algorithms, pseudocodes, web applications, osi layers and also showed a demo of the Currency code json file and explained to them what its used to and where I got it. And this time it's really interesting to do such things.

    After that, everyone sent off Arun anna who was relieving from surfboard today, everyone shared their experience with him and its really nice to hear such things how they grew. 

