SUMMARY-21-10-2021:


    Today, I have learnt about some html and css tags which are used to create the UI and styling it, and also learnt about the buttons and how they work as an action in the webpage. So I started to work on the design which I started to work on before, and also created the alert box in it in the morning, but it was displayed simply before the submit button clicked. So I searched something regarding this and learnt little about it, so I used that in the design also, and checked whether it's working or not, at first it did not work,then searched and found the exact tag so applied and tried again it worked as the design required. 


    So then showed it to my mentor that I have done that part, and then my mentor asked me to design that alert message to display the input of the text field, and instructed me that how it should be, so I came back and started to think how to create that and also read something about this by searching in google, and found few things that it works by using the javascripts, so used that commands in it and tried to do the design that given by my mentor, but it did work so tried some other commands but also unable to do that, so I started to know  about how it was working and also about how the command should be used in it, And tried multiple ways to do that but can’t. So i went to my mentor and said him that i can’t find that and do, after checked mentor did some changes in it then it was working, and then my mentor said that to list the activity i need to do that, also said I  just want to learn it not about finishing the job only, so I started to read about the tags which I used in this programming.


    After that Abraham anna took a session about the Computer how it works by reading the binary inputs, and also said the real life languages are non-precise and the computer  uses the precise  languages in programming to understand that by the computer. And  also taught us about some engineering stuffs which we supposed to learnt in our college days like diodes how they made up of, and about the transistor how it works by using the binary codes, and also about the UTF-8 and UTF-16, ASCII and also about the translator why its important in computer, today the session went very well and also we all were interactive with him, also we learnt about the unicode and binary code little bit.

    After that Anna started the culture talks, and called the responsible person of each group which was leftover last week, and everyone explained what they  discussed about it within their group, Also I explained our thoughts and then anna started his  style of session with the entire model in his mind regarding this. And he explained Accountability and also said that ”don't feel guilty for the work which you don’t complete, it's your responsibility to finish it”. It was really weird for me because everyone should feel guilty when they don't keep their word, but he simply said it won’t help at any cost. It was very different type of perspective but interesting to learn such thing here.

