SUMMARY 07-10-2021


For today, Actually My mind really being very cool and calm, Because I had doubt before two days that Am I doing right thing or not, But today I got that I’m doing right thing for me in perfect place, And today I have learnt how the way app works while we logging in. This morning we had a session with sreeram and also he taught as how to develop the app, and also did something new to me, like he Authenticated the app and emails which he was using on app to show us how it works step by step, Once he made the app to sent a automatic verification email to user who is logging in, and also shows once it get verified he created the pop up to show that Log in success, or user already exist when he try to create the new logging with existing email. And also add some features to it as he likes, it really interesting to learn such things

And then I had a task that what my mentor gave me to solve and write the algorithm for the 5 numbers needs to be rearranged in incorrect order, It was little hard to understand that how the system works to do that, after that my mentor gave me some hints to do that, and then I got some ideas to do that, So i tried to do my best in that. And after that we had a session with kaushik. This is my first session with him, And in that session he taught us what an algorithm is and why it's needed in a computer to work. And also said its is an set of instruction helps to work the computer without any interruption, I used to think that Computers are super smart, But he just broke that by a single sentence that is,


“COMPUTERS ARE DUMB”

It really made an impact in my mind that humans only invented the  computer and developed it into a user-friendly one by the instructions that we used to work it. And Then only realised yes it is, And also said that algorithms is the only thing we have to do before anything we do in the system, in real life also we do it indirectly without knowing.
Then he gave us three problems to write the algorithms and explained what we need to do. 

And then I have continued the work which was given by my mentor, and also interesting to and triggering my mind, and my brain started to work for the first time, and I have done and then my mentor asked me to do the same for the 100 numbers if he gave me. And it's again made me think hard and try to work it out now, but the day and tasks are very interesting today. And also creating the algorithm for the problem which was given by Kaushik. Also tried to learn a few things in HTML like tags and why using it.
It Was a fine day.

