Today was the end of our fourth week of internship. In these four week I have learnt a lot of new things about programming and also about the community. This week I fully focused on HTML and CSS and how to create the design or UI by using both. And also about the abstraction and data structure.

And in this morning I started to continue to design that which was give by my mentor, and he asked me to design that as the alert box should display the all inputs of the entire text fields, so I have tried to design in that way, and also I'm not familiar to this html and css so it was little hard for me to know how it is working and how it applied with both css styling. And also learnt about arrays, Array is used to store the multiple values in single variables, and also learnt that if [0] it represents the first  value, and [1] as second value and [2] as third value while we use it in the exact way.


And also know about some few tags of html and and also tried to learn about the Javascripts as well, and it really interesting to learn this kind of contents and then again tried to do the work which was given by my mentor, but i unable to do it so I searched about it by google to do how to create it and also tortured some people in our  office to know what i can do for it after that i tried in multiple ways to do that, but it won’t work at that time, so then i took rest for few minutes to calm myself, because i was frustrated because it was not work, and then started to learn about the tags which i can use in it. 


And then as usual the Demo meet was conducted for this week by Nishanth anna, also today was the last day for him in surfboard, so everyone was ready to send off him with a good feeling, and then demo meet was started, everyone showed their priority and work of this week. And also explained how they programmed and working on it, and then we interns are started to demo and explained what we are learnt and did this week, I showed the design which I’m creating from this monday and also explained how I learnt by torturing everyone, 

After the demo meet, everyone shared their experience of work and personal life with nishanth anna and he also shared his thoughts and feelings, and also explained how he entered in surfboard and also said that he never expected this day would come in this short period. Also wished everyone here, Actually the day went well.

