WEEKLY SUMMARY - Third Week:


    This was the third week of my internship, And in these days I have learnt very new things, about  the computer servers, problem solving, algorithms, pseudocode, applications of computers and fundamentals of that, and also learnt about how we have to think and the way of how we have to learn.

In this week i have learnt about the server and little bit of database, and also solved few problems by using the problem solving methods, and it was quite interesting for me to do these things, and actually learnt about the Community, We didn’t attend the last week sunday dinner, and nextday Abraham anna asked me why we were not there, I  told him a reason for that, after that kaushik called every  interns and conducted the meeting to explain that why they are conducting friday night turf and sunday dinner.

It all only to build a community between everyone in surfboard, and also said everyone should be in this community then only the workplace gonna be fun anymore, Actually we regretted that time for made them feel bad for us, and decided to don't repeat that again, And abraham anna also said that to be with everyone and it means that we don’t be depend only between us, with all. And We have tried to do that after he said.

And then also attended the Culture talk for the first time, it was really very different and interesting for me too. Anna explained how the way we live and how the way we connected with our  feelings and other persons of our life, actually i didn’t even think about that for one time, but he did that for us to learn how we are linked with everyone by a single chart, it was very easy for him to explain that way. And also questioned us  what is the difference and opinion on Responsibility,Obligation,duty and Dharma,

We have splitted into 8 teams and discussed that between us to present what we talked about, I  was with Askin anna, Joel and winall anna. They have taught me what it was and how it would be, And anyone person from each team have to explain everyone what we learnt or our opinion on that, few people  did that and from that also i got some point about that, and asked other teams to do  next week as he had a meeting and finished the Culture talks.


And this week i learnt to know the basic concept of functions,constants, and loops, and for the first time i started to code and designed the worst design to show the demo in demo meeting, but my mentor supported me as well to do that, and also explained what i learnt this week, everyone did their best in this week and happy see these in meeting, and still looking forward to learn more new stuffs. And also  trying to learn by myself also. Community is the best.

